hey youtubers this is you I'm here with
my friend Billy from kha entertainment
yeah and today we're actually going to
start working on this car we're gonna
actually do a whole overhaul for its
trip down to LA so I'm gonna keep the
camera rolling while we're doing dip
certain things and you'll see how we
change breaks change the coolant on his
Chrysler which I showed you before on my
rx a coolant video and probably more all
right
so here we go first thing you have to do
is just get underneath here and on this
remove this cover oh underneath the
radiator so we can actually get to the
housing as you can see we have just a
couple of nuts to do it
now that the engine covers off we're
gonna do the oil first so basically just
unclip uncapped this and we're gonna go
actually my friend Billy here install
the quick valve here and that so that we
can change the oil quickly so you know
we'll have a video of how he does that
and basically show you how to do a quick
oil change on the Chrysler installation
or a quick route shouldn't it isn't too
hard maybe we'll show you in another
video first thing before the first thing
we do is actually remove the cap when it
gets down there Billy's just gonna go
down there okay show you how easy it is
and as we all know oil change you can
actually put a fear coupon here and run
it right into the pan so you don't make
any mess but I don't have a clear tube
for it so you can let's see let's see
what I've got to open the valve and just
be ready I move this to catch the screen
now make sure that your car is cool
first otherwise you're gonna get a lot
of hot oil coming at ya there we go
that's another little contraption for
making oil juice easier too it's a
filter wrench that catches all the drips
so you just place it on the filter
okay you can do it by hand by now get
out get off on there yeah there you go
that's how you get you coupe and that's
how you get your oil cap off $3 oil
filter off and we have to actually
remove this whole piece right here on
this to be able to get your ax yarn yeah
oh all right let's get outta there first
we found inside Billy's cabin air filter
this is amazing this was beautiful huh
oh we found this inside his engine oil
filter look at that beauty oh we are so
preserving this yes not oops
all right as you see right now that all
the oil has actually drained out of it
drained out of that area so what you
usually do
when you actually start putting in a new
oil filter is you take a little bit of
the new oil alright and what we're gonna
do is we're actually gonna rub some of
that on that oil filter right here I'll
take a little bit of the oil in come in
here just use my hand and it dip into it
and give it a nice little coat right
around the ring
you